SPEAKER_00:  Great. So good evening everyone. I'm Smithy Chaudhry and I welcome you to today's Twitter space by the product house where we will be talking about the intersection of Web3 and AI. So a big hello to everyone who has joined us and let me begin with a brief introduction about myself. I've done my management development program from Iron Lucknow post MBA and today I'm pursuing my dream and as a co-founder I'm building contractor which is in the space of decentralized smart contracts and offering a DeFi solution for SMEs, banks and MBFCs. I'm an entrepreneur at heart and a technology firm. So that's me. Now quickly moving over to our esteemed panelists for today. We have Amunjou who's head of growth at Tejou's India. We also have Claude looking after developer relations at Tejou's and Akshath Diagi who is founder at Vodka. So it's going to be a fabulous evening with great discussions and we're also going to open the floor for questions. So anyone with a question please raise your hand and I will pull you out. So I don't know the questions are panelists to introduce yourselves. Amunjou, would you like
SPEAKER_04:  to go first? Sure. Thanks Bridi for the introduction. Hi everyone. First of all thank you so much for joining in. I know it's a Friday evening. We all will make sure that you get something good out of it and it's a very interesting topic as well because if you look at right now the whole world is looking forward to let's say AI, then Vipti and then let's say if I talk about energy then you know renewable sources of energy and EVs as well. But taking a topic and starting up this session, first of all beside Amunjou, I'm currently leading Tejou's blockchain initiatives in India. We have a clean team of close to 15 people in India where we're taking care of business development marketing. We're also developing projects in-house and I'll also kind of disclose one of the initiatives that we are doing in the same topic which is Vipti and AI today itself. Previously I worked with the Liechtenstein crypto assets exchange as a director of product management and I've also been the country head for India at beta.com. Previously I've been working with startups. I have a lot of experience in terms of developing projects as well as product management. Yeah. So thank you for that introduction Amunjou.
SPEAKER_00:  And it's the autumn love cloud and I hope I can ask your name.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah it's correct. Thank you very much. So my name is Claude. I work as a developer advocate at Chulitec. So we are based in London. So I deal with different aspects of the life of a developer on Tezos. So we work for example on documentation. We also help developers when they have questions. We also try to find and provide different tools that they need and we try to improve them. And in general we are very concerned about the developer experience on Tezos. So I've been working actually for six months now but I've been working on Tezos for almost four years already. So I was a developer advocate at Tequila before. So it's a TypeScript library that's used to create decentralized applications on Tezos. So I've been working on Tezos for a very long time already.
SPEAKER_00:  So thank you Claude. And last but not the least, let's hear it from action.
SPEAKER_02:  Hello folks. I hope you're doing well. Thanks so much for joining us today. I'm much shut. I run WorkHAT, we are a language AI company in the e-tape generative AI and we help enterprises go live with large language models for customer engagement use cases. So these are things like audio creation, cancellation, search and discovery and others. We've been alive for about 1.5 years and I've been working with large enterprises in India to make LLMs use to the not viable for them. So very happy to join together in the discussion today. Thank you, Dr. Chuck and thank you, Chairwoman. And now
SPEAKER_00:  we will dive deep into the family discussions. And I'm sure it's going to be common knowledge with and post-factuals. So tonight we will talk about the story of two revolutions, battery and AI. How their intersection is creating a synergy for enhanced innovation and we will first understand that the AI and since page shows is at the center of blockchain adoption, I'm going to ask Amantro and Claude to elaborate on this. Amantro, do you want to go first again?
SPEAKER_04:  Yeah sure. I'll go ahead. So when we talk about web3, it's basically the current era of internet. And when we say that the current era of internet, then I'd say that right now we are kind of at that stage where the users are creating content, reading content as well as owning the content or the data that we have on the internet, just to simplify that. And what web3 is basically that we're leveraging blockchain to store data. And the goal is to make sure that the data is transparent, secure, and it is owned by the users who are creating that data. So the immutability factor is coming from the blockchain. And if we are building any kind of dabs over that, that is coming through the web3 part.
SPEAKER_00:  Great. Thank you, Amantro. And Claude, we'd like to hear your perspective. Probably you could discuss about the evolution from web2 to web3, the difference between 2 and 3.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, I think so the most important part of web3 is the decentralization and also the immutability of the data. So what we are really interested in is having that data available, whatever happens to the provider or the host of that data. So in web2, like imagine now on Twitter, if Twitter goes down, then you lose everything that you tweeted from the beginning. So that's web2, but in web3, that data would be stored and would be propagated on a network of hundreds or thousands of validators or storages. And so that data would not be lost. So I think that's one of the most exciting features of web3, is to be sure that whatever you create on the internet is going to stay there forever and is going to be yours forever.
SPEAKER_00:  Right. Thank you so much Claude. And because Arshad is building the deep tech platform, it's better to learn AI from there. So please go ahead. Yeah, awesome. Thank you so much everybody
SPEAKER_02:  for sharing. I think WorldCAC personally has been very focused on just language AI as a stream. So gender-dive air of course consists of both image and now some voice synthesis and all the other just end areas. We as a company have just been exploring what would be the part of a large language model when it comes to solving real life problems with use cases that enterprises are using them for. So way closer to the supply chain and the value chain there. And I'd love to hear perspectives from Claude and Namaj on how they're thinking the intersection really happens in terms of let's say language AI in web3. Great learning from the domain leaders and
SPEAKER_00:  now let's take the discussions into the intersection. Yes, that's right. Let's take it deep into the intersection part and this is going to be the discussions on intersection between these two technologies. So Ammanjyot, please tell us how interwinding them can create innovation and thus a big impact. So I think the intersection of these
SPEAKER_04:  two technologies have already begun. We are already seeing a plethora of projects out there. Namely AI coin, crypto index. We are also working right now at Tezos, you're working on an in-house project which is like a kind of a on the educational side of project. It's called Tezos GPT and as the name suggests that we kept it very simple. It's all about Tezos if you want to learn about what's happening in the whole ecosystem in a very communicative kind of a manner as you are using chat GPT. So like if you look at it like you know if you look at the combination of both the technologies then what is blockchain used for? Blockchain is basically the database management right and what is artificial intelligence? Artificial intelligence is basically the processing of that data is a software that can basically learn from patterns and data and predict the future and as well as act over it. So both these technologies are basically bound to work with each other in the future where you know the data will be mostly in the blockchain and the artificial intelligence or let's say the models will be working over that data and building something like a you know decentralized artificial intelligence. So like it's going to be really exciting and I think we've already started this process we've already seen in early stage of projects we had to see like you know traction on those projects but yeah very exciting times. Sure sure we are all
SPEAKER_00:  also excited and Claude let's have your perspective here as well. Yes from a Tezos point of view
SPEAKER_01:  the main use that I see of AI with the blockchain is a generative art so Tezos is very famous for for NFTs we have a lot of artists that create art and and host data I mean means NFTs directly on Tezos and I can see that a lot of them are using AI either to tweak their art to improve it but also like to generate it from scratch. So yeah I think it's the very beginning on Tezos but we can already see artists using both AI and blockchain technologies to create their art and then to sell it and at the same time using the blockchain they also store it and they keep ownership of it and and then they keep it around for forever without without any risk to lose it. Right right and
SPEAKER_00:  Agshav what do you have to add here? I think not not specifically blockchain but I think the question
SPEAKER_02:  of decentralization is very important for LLM or Genia technologies because the risk potentially is that there are very few large language model providers who have a lot of power but at the same time there are a lot of open source projects as well now which can perform to a certain degree but may not be that efficient at scale when they are being deployed into commercial use cases so what does that ownership structure look like or owns the data I think those are going to be interesting
SPEAKER_00:  questions maybe explore through web3. Absolutely and we would actually like to we've already heard from all of you that the good cases about the NFTs and our artists is already getting transformed. We want to hear some more real world examples like use cases of you know how web3 and AI are already coming together and it's already exploding you know in the day to day whatever we use the apps if you could just elaborate a little bit more on those. Yeah I can actually
SPEAKER_04:  give you an example which is very relevant let's say it's a global product so a product like IPV the platform basically uses blockchain for doing IP related transactions so blockchain technology is keeping the data immutable and also verifying the data which is on chain and the AI is automating several functions in the product such as let's say finding the relevant patterns it could be let's say finding important parts of a legal document so let's say the use case could be let's say if I am here to file a pattern and I'll probably go to IPV and I can find certain parts of the pattern I can do some searches and find very similar patterns and probably then that will be really helpful for me to file my own pattern so the AI layer is making sure that you know time is saved especially in filing patterns so this product is kind of very useful
SPEAKER_00:  for the industry. Right that's a very cool example actually and we are already able to understand much better. Let's hear some examples you know and it can help us further understand.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah so from from a developer advocacy I'd like to see one of you I don't have a lot of examples of using AI but maybe that there's one that comes to my mind is that lately we've been so we focused a lot on documentation and we're trying to improve the documentation on Tesos for the new developers who come and want to create to build applications on Tesos so we've been playing with the kind of bot that we've had all the documentation that already exists and a lot of different data for example Tesos stack overflow and a lot of questions and answers to make it easier for new developers who have questions to just ask those questions to the bot and the bot would answer so we've been working for a couple of months on something like that and the results are very promising so I think that's a very good use of AI for my job as a developer advocate we can use it to help new developers and provide them a better experience and above all very quick answers to questions that in general require the developers to go to stack overflow write down the question and then wait for an answer from somebody and that can take a few hours to a few days you know so now with AI we can we can provide answers very quickly
SPEAKER_00:  Wow so that's so much that progress already and accept what do you have to say here
SPEAKER_02:  Yeah I think like the use cases that I heard are still agnostic to like the domain that you're talking about so Francis like web 3 having automation or knowledge bases particularly would not be like a web 3 use case of AI right like these are just AI use cases in general I'd be very interested to hear like are we thinking of any integrated use cases as such wherein generative AI or LLMs in general are able to accomplish something that was previously difficult to do
SPEAKER_04:  I think I can think of a few use cases here like for example let's say we are using tools generative art tools so if we integrate it that way the blockchain then the art is automatically published so that could be the next level of that the other thing is let's say we build an AI tool which is like a fund manager on DeFi so the tool basically figures out where to stake tokens what to buy what to sell and you know it's all done on chain and as we are also seeing in the DeFi space that the transaction cost and the trading cost is going down day by day so we can kind of we can expect these kind of products to come in the future where portfolio management will be automated with the help of AI the whole little specific users here see portfolio management can be anyone it could be it could be you and me it could be institutions as well it all depends upon how this product is structured so if it's structured in a very volatile kind of a way then probably it's suitable for let's say retail investors but institutions would like to invest in something which is more stable and long term so that will probably be more they will require more hand-holding as compared to let's say retail investors like so we already do copy trading if you look at it on centralized exchanges but I think the next level of fund management and I would say on chain fund management would be like AI powered watch doing that
SPEAKER_00:  right and Claude can you think
SPEAKER_01:  I'm sorry the I'm sorry I didn't hear I'm sorry I didn't hear what I did at the beginning of what you said
SPEAKER_00:  Institute
SPEAKER_01:  that hello
SPEAKER_00:  I don't hear you anymore idea yeah are you a ghost you hear me Claude?
SPEAKER_01:  yeah yeah no I can hear you
SPEAKER_00:  can can you hear me now yeah yeah I can hear you okay so I was saying that a bunch of the long term experience so much about various institutions if you could just specifically tell us what any particular institute that comes to your mind mind that can use this it's going to help us the audience you know to understand
SPEAKER_01:  up and better I'm sorry I don't understand the question any institute that does what am I or
SPEAKER_00:  people I'm just asking the rest everybody are audible I can hear you we can hear you yeah okay so maybe it's just me I'm sorry okay no worries I'll come back to you Claude probably you can just log out and log in again and then I'll go to workshop do you want to add anything here in this conversation
SPEAKER_02:  I think managing portfolio is is something I would mention that might be interesting though I don't have a particular imagination on how that might play out there are of course like autonomous agents that are using language AI who may be able to perform a bunch of tasks that previously previously an individual was trying to do but how that especially integrates to web 3 and still trying to figure out
SPEAKER_00:  right and that will take us to the next round of questions I want to know about you know well when developers or when any as student who wants to start you know studying which one they should actually target most specifically should they start learning artificial intelligence or should they start taking course on vector you know this is going to be a billion dollar question for the students as so if you could help them understand better
SPEAKER_04:  see I can only suggest it's a very subjective thing so wherever your interest are you should go there I think both the fields are as good as it can be right now so I it takes like close to four years to become an expert in a field on an average so probably if you're not able to sustain those four years then it does not make sense so whatever excites you let's say then stick with it because one way or the other you know these fields are you know kind of convergent so at the end of let's say the next five years you will see a lot of intersection between web 3 and AI so we both see and the other thing is that we all are aware that we have to upscale we have to learn new things even like we are also learning about AI recently so it's like you start wherever you want to and wherever you feel good about yourself and then you eventually move in the direction of intersection where you keep on learning new things what is happening in the industry so that's my piece of advice for anybody who's starting up right now
SPEAKER_00:  right right thank you so much at the cloud I hope you can hear me better now yeah yeah I can hear you better yeah sorry okay right so we have to hear your perspective here because you are you know handling so many
SPEAKER_01:  developers so what do you have to say to the developers yeah so I mean in my job I'm more focused on on web 3 but I think it depends what kind of things that you want you want to achieve if you want to create the data or if you want to store the data in general creating the data is more going to be something that AI does while storing it is more web 3 thing but just like Amandad said there are a lot of intersections between the two fields so it's also possible that you would like to do both and you want to create it and store it I think it's it's also very interesting to to see a lot of products that start to appear to make it easier for people either to create the data with AI or to store it with the blockchain technology so yeah I think you should follow what interests you the most as as a developer on the on the blockchain of course I'm more interested in in a web 3 and decentralized applications so I think that's something fascinating and empowering for for people but yeah I see more and more AI projects coming and I think in the future the the two of them are going to be to be entwined and they're going to work together
SPEAKER_00:  but and do you think a lot of that because we have so many developers here right now the audience listening so do you think that anyone someone can start studying both of them AI as well the web 3 to camera and be an expert in the next four to five years is that possible well I think
SPEAKER_01:  that's going to be a lot of work but yeah maybe it's better to focus on one and then to work on the second one a little bit later when you master the the first one I think my path is more that I focused on web 3 first so maybe that's something that I would suggest so to understand what you can do with with the with a blockchain how you can store that data how you can own it and how you can transfer different types of data so I think that would be very interesting and then after that you can you can try to understand how to generate that data through AI so but once again I think there's nothing wrong with starting with AI and then later switch to web 3 and then see how the
SPEAKER_00:  two of them can can work together right thank you so much and I hope all of you develop us in the audience are listening and listening very carefully next up step they are waiting to hear from you
SPEAKER_02:  which one would you recommend I think just like Claude said his bias would be towards web 3 mine would be towards AI so would definitely recommend people getting started in the air especially because AI is also of course a very nascent field but in terms of value delivery and problem solving it might have more immediate dopamine hits when you're getting started so it becomes slightly easier in that sense and of course a new ecosystem around the same is also building at the same time so these are fascinating times for anybody who's getting started in AI as well I'd be very interested in seeing what intersections emerge in the future so pretty excited about
SPEAKER_00:  that as well right really thank you so much and then move over to talk a little bit on the intersection of AI and crypto very recently I did read somewhere about coin and how they explained that there's very big intersection waiting to happen or maybe just happen about AI and we're coming this is not a nice kind of course so can you share some light on this common job
SPEAKER_04:  I think as I discussed earlier also like you know almost every product that we are seeing right now on blockchain will be affected by AI and we will see a lot of automation coming in it just that I see a lot of challenges at the in the current infrastructure level there are a lot of challenges in terms of merging blockchain with AI because you know AI still leads us into lies governing authority especially in the current infrastructure level that we are right now and the reason is that you know AI working on a blockchain will be very costly and inefficient operation because if you are doing because AI needs an access of data and it needs to avoid any kind of ask for permission and then for blockchain you have to ask for data and you have to always you know request data from the blockchain and every request kind of cost so to avoid all these things I think you already need that thing maybe an indexer or something like that but as of now this is the biggest challenge in terms of the merger between both of them but we are already seeing a lot of ideas coming in but again it has to be right now in a very low transaction level speaking from a very practical point of view that you know let's say the use case is only requesting data in a low frequency manner not a very high frequency manner which is possible but I think eventually as the blockchain infrastructure becomes more efficient we will be able to merge it more and more deeper right right thank you so much and
SPEAKER_00:  I would actually look forward to hearing from all of you now a little bit about your company what you are doing is scope of work and of course your current focus area so you could start with
SPEAKER_02:  ASEAN. Right awesome so I think before that addressing like the convergence of AI and Web3 I think it's still pretty early on in terms of like what does the intersection look like so I would not worry too much about the infrastructural overload or the integration problems as such because those use cases are still very nascent but we are more than happy to learn about them in the future in terms of what we are focusing on as a company is of course we use centralized LLM providers but at the same time we've started working with some open source models as well fine-tuned and customized and all of that and we're increasingly seeing that at least the newer set of open source models are at par with our at par or have been able to at least some of the tasks that we are doing with centralized models decently well so that leads to very different unit economics for us as a company that's something that we are super excited about more than that like actually helping our users get control over the outputs of large language models is also something that we're working on as as a company so I think in terms of Web3 and Nei user things
SPEAKER_00:  that I'd be most excited about personally. Sure sure very excited and regarding schedules I think we'd like to start from the floor first and then we'll be able to answer.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah so I work at Trilitec and so we are 100% focused on on the Tezos blockchain so we have a big team of engineers that work on the on the blockchain itself on the protocol and the core of Tezos but we also handle different aspects of Tezos in general so for example I work in the developer advocate team where we focused on bringing new developers to the ecosystem and helping them but we also have a team that's focused on gaming so they talk with gaming companies that develop games and need a blockchain for the games we also have an art team so the more focused on artists that use the Tezos blockchain to to meet the LFTs or all that kind of things you also have a very small DeFi team so we handle different aspects of the Tezos blockchain and yeah we try to provide a great experience and improve the quality of our services and of the Tezos blockchain in general.
SPEAKER_04:  Fantastic and Damantou. Yeah I think our role is very similar to what Claude does adding a couple of things so Claude actually works with the Tezos foundation and I work with the Tezos India team which is focusing on the Indian region and what we do is basically we train a lot of developers we organize hackathons we have our own courses live we help students learn how to develop projects on Tezos then we kind of hire them as well we kind of provide them internship as well as job opportunities in the Tezos ecosystem. I work P-dominity on the B.D. side and the goat side where we kind of work with projects kind of mature projects and teams help them develop projects on Tezos so we have a team of developers in-house which kind of develops smart contracts and also does some kind of development work for the project and we make sure that we ship the project so we work with gaming projects NFT projects we right now working well hummingbot integration we are working on a game as well so we kind of mobilize a lot of activities in the Indian ecosystem like and we already have like a couple of team members in the grow team so Shias or who's there and it's me and then there's Mohit and we all work together in terms of helping projects launch on Tezos chain.
SPEAKER_00:  So very good to hear all this and yeah so I'll move over to the next question now because we already all of us got to know got to hear about what exactly your focus areas are so I'll move over to the next part which is little bit deep diving again into the intersection part it's got to be much more interactive now with the audience I can ask raise your hand and I'll pull them up they can ask their questions to the panelists whom they want to hear so anyone in the audience anyone has a question all right so I'll be ready for people to raise their hand I like to touch a little bit on the intersection of these two technologies do you think that this is also a democratizing access to AI let's go with action
SPEAKER_02:  would you help me understand the question more like in terms of democratization of AI
SPEAKER_00:  democratizing the access to the AI especially when we are thinking of the intersection of these two technologies creating a huge impact yeah I think one of the one of the thing that is a
SPEAKER_02:  biggest worry for like at least genii companies like ourselves and the ecosystem in general is a dependence on large centralized layers so that is there's something that has been informing let's say the kind of products we can think about or the mitigation strategies that companies like us have so that's definitely something that remains at the top of our head but in terms of like how this gets resolved or what are the different forms it might take in terms of alternative access or open source that is there is still a unfigured question in fact a very early question because the performance of these models also varies vastly but the power dynamic is of course like very important I think Upaniya has also been recently talking about it a little bit in terms of what they would do they would not do as a company and the ecosystem that would be built around Upaniya like how fragile would that ecosystem be so we actively think about these questions but I think very early for us to have like full answers about it right right and before
SPEAKER_00:  we move over to Arman's Road and Claude I think we have Kevin Kevin do you want to ask your question
SPEAKER_03:  Kevin Kumar can you hear me yeah I have a question about today we have many more tools which
None:  man how we can product that the incident is not same
SPEAKER_00:  you are breaking Kevin I couldn't hear you can you repeat again
SPEAKER_03:  am I audible yes yeah in this world today we have a lot we have a lot of lot and lot of tools but some tools has been manipulated by manipulating in a little bit of activities how we can use our blockchain to make an effective way to protect the individual under privacy
SPEAKER_00:  right right so hope is the question a little bit about data privacy and the control so Amman who wants to take this question go ahead please
SPEAKER_04:  so I think it's a very tricky question as per me because if you look at the whole ecosystem then we are surrounded by centralized entities and they are control of your data so if any one of them gets leaked or we generally actually publish our own data if you look at Facebook and all the other tools we kind of are we are the basically product you know our data is basically the product so we are giving our data out and that's the biggest problem so if I talk about web 3 then I think even if you start using blockchain technology to let's say safeguard your data one way or the other you will be you will end up using a centralized product and your data would be out so it's very very hard to protect your data from AI tools because AI tools will scan almost everything which is out there depending upon the model so I find it very hard to protect your data in the current set of tools that are out there I don't think so I don't see a solution as
SPEAKER_00:  of now okay yeah it says it's tricky so is there anybody else with a question please raise your hand so while they wait for people to raise their hand I actually want to move over to the next point I want to hear from all of you all three of you a little bit about decentralized AI marketplace that probably is going to be the next big thing the big revolution waiting to happen
SPEAKER_02:  so Akshad do you want to go first this time you mean I couldn't actually fully get the question
SPEAKER_00:  decentralized AI marketplace hasn't yeah it's about you can see as of now the marketplaces we don't have this kind of technologies but now with the intersection of these two we do believe that it can actually go move forward to the next level so if you could just you know give us some idea about what it's likely to be in the future right but I've been honestly and personally
SPEAKER_02:  still struggling to understand the intersection very well so I don't really know what those applications look like let alone any ecosystem of applications at the intersection of AI and that three I don't know if that's the question that you're trying to ask yes yes yeah so I think I'll personally be more fundamental in that sense and be like hey is there an intersection first of all because if there is none then they're like it's very different but in terms of just normal capabilities like automation or information literally those are not specifically web 3 integration there's just not one in any domain integrating with AI right so if that is the integration we're talking about there could probably be like azilians of apps but like what is a native integration of like you know genetic AI or AI in general fundamentally changing web 3 I still don't understand that so I'd like to hear Claude
SPEAKER_00:  and mamma on that yeah i'd like to hear Claude and mamma too please go ahead yeah so maybe the
SPEAKER_01:  the only application that I can think of is once again generative art so I can see on tasos that there are some people thinking about having a front end where you have some kind of AI that's going to generate the art for you and then directly from the same interface you can meet an NFT and then sell it on the marketplace or just or just hold it in your wallet so I think from from my point of view that would be an example of using AI and web 3 at the same time so to generate the data and store it and then sell it or do whatever you like with it when I saw I saw for example an interface I think it was a prototype but I saw an interface where you have the canvas with different shapes and then you have different sliders that you can and then you can play with the different the different shapes and things so I think I think that's something that's coming and very soon it will be possible to just enter a prompt and tell the interface okay I want to draw something like that it's going to draw it and then you will be able directly to put it on the marketplace and and sell it so I think that kind of application is going to
SPEAKER_00:  come very soon all right thank you so much and we're only 45 minutes into this conversation and then bubble machine, human joke sorry do you want to add any parting words here
SPEAKER_04:  I wanted to understand like you know what do you mean by a decentralized NFT marketplace what will be sold on that marketplace?
SPEAKER_00:  yeah actually that's what's going to be really interesting you know because the size the limit I mean I imagine it's going to be vast and limitless here
SPEAKER_04:  I think I think you said decentralized AI marketplace I think if I remember correctly in the starting of it so I thought that you know probably AI models will be sold from it like in the form of NFTs it could be like that like you know whosoever has that NFT can access those models it could be one we have I was just thinking from that perspective but I think what Akshath and Klotseid was I think more probable and more closer to reality so yeah that's pretty much possible I think that's the next organic step towards development I think in Tezos as Klot mentioned that you know we already have a lot of generative AI art collections on Tezos and we kind of also pushing that especially in India as well so I think there's a high possibility that people could actually create art and publish it on blockchain from a single platform
SPEAKER_00:  right a lot of possibilities really I mean it's been such a great conversation talking to all of you and just we're already some towards the close of it so like all good things coming to an end this Twitter space discussions also has to be contributed here and I hope all of you have had a great time tuning in to this kind of top-notch discussions just like I did and before I continue I want to thank Amanjov, Klot and Akshath for taking time out to talk to us and for sharing this wealth of knowledge and thank you very much and we hope to see you again very very soon a big thumbs up to the product house for putting this together and good night everyone from me thank you very much thank you
SPEAKER_04:  so much Friti and the product house team good news thank you guys really enjoyed it
